Our failed establishment has brought us nothing but poverty at home, and disaster overseas. We are tired of economic and foreign policies that have BLED THIS COUNTRY DRY. It is time for REAL CHANGE that puts the people back in charge. This election will decide who runs this country: the Corrupt Political Class – or YOU, the American People. That’s the choice. She’s with THEM – I’m with YOU. This is our last chance.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. It’s just been announced that the residents of Minnesota are going to experience close to a 60% increase in premiums.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption – and to take our country back from the special interests.

A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving America, and we will stop the jobs from leaving Minnesota. If a company wants to leave Minnesota, fire their workers, and move to another country, and then ship their products back into the United States, we will make them pay a 35 percent tax. We will also unleash American energy – including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. We will also cancel all harmful Obama regulations that hurt Minnesota farmers, workers and small businesses.

A Trump Administration will not admit any refugees without the support of the local community where they are being placed. And we will pause admissions from terror-prone regions until a full security assessment has been performed, and until proven vetting mechanisms have been established. A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a great wall.

We will stop illegal immigration, deport all criminal aliens, and dismantle every last criminal gang and cartel threatening our citizens. We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; we will save and protect your Social Security and Medicare – Hillary Clinton will reduce and cut your Social Security and Medicare benefits; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; protect religious liberty; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again. We Will Make America Strong Again. We Will Make America Safe Again. And We Will Make America Great Again.

As you know, the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton following the discovery of another 650,000 emails – probably including the 33,000 emails Hillary destroyed after receiving a Congressional Subpoena. They are also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s illegal Pay-For-Play corruption at the State Department.

It is very likely that FBI Director Comey, and the great special agents of the FBI, will be able to collect more than enough evidence to garner indictments against Hillary Clinton and her inner circle – despite her efforts to disparage and discredit them. If she were to win, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis. In that situation, we could very well have a sitting President under felony indictment and, ultimately, a criminal trial. It would grind government to a halt.

If she ever got into the Oval Office, Hillary and her special interests would rob this country blind.

At the heart of this election is a simple question – will our country be governed by the people or by the Corrupt Political Class? If WE WIN, the Corrupt Politicians and their special interests LOSE. If THEY WIN, the American people LOSE. It’s just that simple.

The political elites in this country have used their power to enrich themselves at your expense – they’ve run the government for their benefit, and profited from your pain.

If you want a government that will secure your borders, stop the massive inflow of refugees, lower your taxes, bring back your jobs, grow your economy and protect your family: vote for Donald Trump.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. It’s just been announced that the residents of North Carolina are going to experience massive double-digit premium hikes.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government. As you know, the FBI has reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton. They are also conducting a second criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s Pay-For-Play corruption at the State Department. It has been confirmed that the 650,000 emails they discovered include brand new emails not previously turned over to authorities, likely including even more classified information. However, the reports also show that the political leadership at the Department of Justice is trying as hard as they can to protect Hillary Clinton.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption – and to take our country back from the special interests.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

If a company wants to fire their workers, leave North Carolina, move to another country, and then ship their products back into the United States, we will make them pay a 35% tax. A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA and, if we don’t get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers. We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent. We will massively cut taxes for the middle class. We will also unleash American energy – including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. Our plan will end the EPA intrusion into your family farms and stop the double-taxation of family farms at death. We will cancel billions of dollars in global warming payments to the United Nations, and use that money to invest in America - including the roads, ports, bridges and waterways of North Carolina.

by an illegal immigrant, and then his body was set on fire. A Trump Administration will end this nightmare of violence. We will protect American lives. We will cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities. We will stop illegal immigration, deport every last criminal alien, and dismantle every criminal gang and cartel threatening our citizens. When we win, you will finally have a government on YOUR side, fighting for YOUR community, and protecting YOUR family. We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; protect religious liberty; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. It is time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past. Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future.

The military families of North Carolina have shed their blood and poured out their hearts for this country. If given the honor of serving as your President, it will be my solemn duty to ensure the following:

All men and women in uniform will have the supplies, support, equipment, medical care and resources they need to get the job done.

Full and proper funding for all branches of the American Armed Services.

A commitment from our allies to pay their fair share of the military burden.

Support for military families, including jobs, education and housing.

The best care in the world for our Veterans, both at public VA facilities, as well as the right to see the private doctor of your choice.

And finally, a commitment to only engage the use of military forces when it is the vital national security interests of the United States.

We will stop trying to build foreign Democracies, topple regimes, and race recklessly to intervene. Instead, our focus must be on Keeping America Safe and on destroying ISIS and defeating Radical Islamic Terrorism. Any nation that shares our goal of destroying ISIS and defeating terrorists will be our partner in this mission.
A Trump Administration will suspend the Syrian Refugee program and keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country. We know Hillary can’t be trusted with America’s security. She’s under multiple criminal investigations at this very moment for criminal conduct that put the safety of our entire nation at risk. CBS news has just minutes ago confirmed that the 650,000 emails discovered by the FBI include brand new emails not previously seen.

Another reason we know Hillary can’t be trusted with our security is Benghazi. Let me make this very clear: A Trump Administration will honor that sacred pledge to leave no man or woman behind. On top of everything else, we have the disaster and humiliation in Iran. Our sailors were forced to their knees. We paid $1.7 billion in cash ransom, and now Iran is demanding billions more in new ransom payments. Hillary put them on a path to regional dominance and nuclear weapons, as well as another $150 billion in cash.

A Trump Administration will immediately reverse the Obama-Clinton defense sequester. The Army is the smallest it has been since before World War II. The Navy is the smallest since World War I. The Air Force is the smallest and oldest it has ever been. My plan will grow the Army to 540,000 active troops, which the Army Chief of Staff says he needs. That means more Brigade Combat Teams at Fort Bragg. We will build the 1,200 modern fighters our Air Force needs, and that means more planes flying out of locations like Seymour Johnson Air Force Base and Marine Core Air Station Cherry Point. Our Marine Core will grow from 27 to 36 battalions, and that's going to mean a lot more Marines at Camp Lejeune. And new military technologies will be produced at the Research Triangle right here in North Carolina. In summary, my policy can be based on three very important words: Peace Through Strength. Strength also means we need to save America’s economy. That begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare.

If a company wants to fire their workers, move to another country, and then try to ship their products back into the United States, we will apply a 35% tax on those goods. A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA – and if we don’t get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers. We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future.

The FBI is investigating how Hillary Clinton put the office of Secretary of State up for sale in violation of federal law. The investigation is described as QUOTE “a very high priority.” The investigation is far-reaching and has been going on for more than a year. It was reported that an “avalanche” of information is coming in.The FBI agents say their investigation is likely to yield an indictment.

Hillary Clinton has engaged in a massive far-reaching criminal conduct and an equally far-reaching criminal cover-up. She created an illegal email server to shield her activity. She illegally transmitted confidential information and then lied about it to Congress. She illegally destroyed federal records, including 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, and made 13 phones disappear, some with a hammer. She engaged in corrupt Pay-For-Play at the State Department for personal enrichment. She lied to the FBI, and she lied to the American people.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. It’s just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience massive double-digit premium hikes.  

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government. Hillary was given the debate questions in advance and then used them to cheat – instead of reporting the breach.

A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA, and we will stand up to foreign product dumping, currency manipulation and all unfair subsidy behavior. We will also immediately stop the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent. We will also cancel billions in global warming payments to the United Nations, and use that money to support America’s environmental and national infrastructure. That includes deepening the harbor at Jax-Port.

We will also keep you safe from terrorism. Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees. Her plan would mean generations of terrorism and extremism spreading in your schools and communities. When I’m elected President, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program – and we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country. A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.

We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military. Our Navy is the smallest it has been since before World War I. We will build the 350 ship Navy our country needs. That means brand new state-of-the-art ships in places like Mayport, right here in Jacksonville.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. It is time to cut our ties with the failed and bitter politics of the past.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; provide school choice and put an end to common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. It is time to cut our ties with the failed and bitter politics of the past.

The Obama Administration has just announced massive double-digit and triple-digit Obamacare premium hikes everywhere in the country. Here, in Pennsylvania, premiums are going to increase more than 60 percent.

The Associated Press found that “some of the 440,000 Pennsylvania consumers who buy insurance through healthcare.gov will face some of the highest premium increases in the nation. Insurers are leaving, premiums are soaring, doctors are quitting, companies are fleeing, and deductibles are through the roof. Workers’ hours are being cut, hiring is frozen, and wages are being slashed. Obamacare means higher prices, fewer choices, and lower quality. Yet, Hillary Clinton wants to expand Obamacare and make it even more expensive. She wants to put the government totally in charge of health care in America.

Our replacement plan includes Health Savings Accounts, a nationwide insurance market where you can purchase across state lines, and letting states manage Medicaid dollars. We will create quality, reliable, affordable health care in a free market where parents can make the health care decisions that are right for their families. It will be much better health care, at a much less expensive cost.

A Trump Administration will renegotiate NAFTA, and stand up to foreign product dumping, currency manipulation and unfair subsidy behavior. We are going to bring manufacturing and jobs, lots of jobs, back to Pennsylvania. We are going to open modern mines, and take care of our great miners. We will be producing clean coal, oil, natural gas and shale energy. We’re also bringing back our steelworkers, whose jobs have been stolen by the dumping of steel all over this state and country by China, and other countries.  

We are also going to provide the children of this state with school choice. That means parents can send their kids to the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them. We will totally eliminate Common Core and bring education local. Our tax plan will provide a 35% tax cut to Middle Class families with two kids. We will let parents deduct childcare expenses from their taxes, and create tax-free Childcare and Eldercare Savings Accounts – with matching contributions for low-income families. We will eliminate the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

I’m asking you to Dream Big, to push for Bold Change, and to believe in a movement powered by our love for each other and our love for our country. That is how we will truly make America Great Again.

When I win on November 8th, I am going to bring back your jobs. The long nightmare of jobs leaving Michigan will be coming to an end. We will make Michigan the economic envy of the world once again.

But to bring back your jobs, we must also immediately repeal and replace Obamacare. It’s just been announced that Michigan residents are going to experience crushing double-digit premium hikes.

Real change also means restoring honesty to our government. As you know, the FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton and has discovered another 650,000 emails. Hillary lied under oath when she said she turned over all of her work-related emails – just one more lie out of so many.

Hillary is the one who set-up an illegal private email server in a closet to shield her criminal activity. Hillary is the one who engaged in a corrupt Pay-For-Play scheme at the State Department – and now there are 5 FBI probes into the Clinton Foundation and their pay-for-play activities. Hillary is the one who sent and received classified information on an insecure server, putting the safety of the American people under threat. Hillary is the one who lied to Congress under oath. Hillary is the one who lied to the FBI. Hillary is the one who made 13 phones disappear. Hillary is the one who destroyed 33,000 emails.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to restore honesty and accountability to our government.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back your jobs. Michigan has lost more than 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA, a deal strongly supported by Hillary Clinton. Before NAFTA went into effect, there were 280,000 auto workers in Michigan. Today, that number is only 160,000. Our country has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization – another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

I’ve outlined a plan for urban renewal, it’s called A New Deal For Black America. That deal includes a plan to use the money we will save by securing our border, and curbing refugee admissions, to invest in communities like Flint and Detroit. It includes a pledge of school choice for African-American children. My plan also includes a promise to cancel billions in climate change spending for the United Nations – a number Hillary wants to increase – and instead use that money to provide for American infrastructure, including clean water in cities like Flint. My plan also includes a pledge to reduce violent crime – every child in this nation has a right to grow up in safety and peace. And my plan includes a pledge to restore manufacturing in the United States.

A Trump Administration will stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership. We will renegotiate NAFTA and, if we don’t get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal. We are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent. We are going to massively cut taxes for the Middle Class. We will unleash American energy – including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. The Obama-Clinton war on coal is going to cost this state 50,000 jobs.

When we win, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program – and we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country. A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every American family, who hope and pray and yearn for a better future.

My Contract With the American Voter outlines a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, and I’m asking for your vote so we can save healthcare for every family in Nevada. Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington. As you have heard, it was just announced on Friday that the FBI is reopening their investigation into the criminal and illegal conduct of Hillary Clinton.

Hillary set-up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her criminal conduct from public disclosure – and exposure. She set-up this illegal server knowing full well that her actions put our national security at risk, and put the safety and security of your children at risk. To cover-up her crimes, she bleached and deleted 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, made 13 phones disappear – some with a hammer, lied to Congress under oath, lied to the FBI many times, and then two boxes of email evidence went mysteriously missing. The WikiLeaks revelations have exposed criminal corruption at the highest levels of our government. Hillary put the office of Secretary of State up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

A Trump Administration will stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership, renegotiate NAFTA, and we are going to stand up to China on Currency Manipulation. We are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent. We are going to cut taxes for Middle Class families by hundreds of billions of dollars.

We’ll support local police and federal law enforcement in an effort to aggressively reduce surging crime. So far this year in Las Vegas, homicides have increased 27% over last year. We will also keep our nation safe from terrorism. Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees. When I’m elected President, we will suspend the Syrian Refugee Program – and we will keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country. A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.

We will end illegal immigration, deport all criminal illegal immigrants, and save American lives. We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; reduce surging crime and support the incredible men and women of law enforcement; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every American family, who hope and pray and yearn for a better future.

Washington, D.C. wants you to think small. But I am asking you to Dream Big.

My Contract With the American Voter outlines a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, and I’m asking for your vote so we can save healthcare for every family in Arizona. Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington. As you have heard, it was just announced yesterday that the FBI is reopening their investigation into the criminal and illegal conduct of Hillary Clinton.

To cover-up her crimes, she bleached and deleted 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, made 13 phones disappear – some with a hammer, lied to Congress under oath, lied to the FBI many times, and then two boxes of email evidence went mysteriously missing. The WikiLeaks revelations have exposed criminal corruption at the highest levels of our government. Hillary put the office of Secretary of State up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too 

A vote for Hillary is a vote to surrender our government to public corruption, graft and cronyism that threatens the survival of our Constitutional system itself. What makes us exceptional is that we are a nation of laws, and that we are all equal under those laws – Hillary’s corruption shreds the principle on which our nation was founded.

Restoring honesty to our government, and the rule of law to our society, will be my highest priority as President.

My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption.

At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

A Trump Administration will stop TPP, renegotiate NAFTA, and we are going to stand up to China on Currency Manipulation. We are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent. We are going to cut taxes for Middle Class families by hundreds of billions of dollars. My infrastructure plan will provide help for projects like the proposed Interstate-11, which would connect Phoenix with Las Vegas and other areas. We will also unleash the full power of American energy including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal.

When I become President, this crime wave ends. We are going to cancel all federal funding for Sanctuary Cities. We are going to impose tough prison sentences for illegal immigrants who return after a previous deportation. We will end illegal immigration, deport every last criminal alien, and save American lives. We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military.  

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; stop the massive inflow of refugees and keep Radical Islamic Terrorist out of our country; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; reduce surging crime and support the men and women of law enforcement; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington. As you have heard, it was just announced yesterday that the FBI is reopening their investigation into the criminal and illegal conduct of Hillary Clinton.

Hillary set-up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her criminal conduct from public disclosure. She set-up this illegal server knowing full well that her actions put our national security at risk, and put the safety and security of your children at risk. To further cover-up her crimes, she bleached and deleted 33,000 emails after a Congressional Subpoena, made 13 phones disappear – some with a hammer, lied to Congress under oath, lied to the FBI, and then two boxes of email evidence went mysteriously missing. She even pretended not to know that the letter “C” meant confidential information that was classified.

The WikiLeaks revelations have revealed a degree of corruption at the highest levels of our government like nothing we’ve ever seen before 

Hillary put the office of Secretary of State up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too.

And now it’s reported that the Department of Justice is fighting the FBI – that’s because the Department of Justice is trying to protect her. 97% of Department of Justice employees’ presidential contributions went to Hillary Clinton. There are those, and I happen to be one of them, who think Hillary offered Lorretta Lynch a reappointment as Attorney General.

A vote for Hillary is vote a to surrender our government to public corruption, graft and cronyism that threatens the very foundations of our Constitutional system. What makes us exceptional is that we are a nation of laws, and that we are all equal under those laws – Hillary’s corruption shreds that foundational principle. Public Corruption is a grave and profound threat to a Democracy.

Hillary believes money and power – not truth and justice – should rule the day.

Restoring honesty to our government, and the rule of law to our society, will be my highest priority as President. We must save the America. That is why My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption and take our country back from the special interests.

Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. It has just been announced that Americans are going to experience another massive double-digit hike in Obamacare premiums, including a 116% premium-hike in the great state of Arizona.

Obamacare is a catastrophe for Ohio workers, and is making it impossible for many parents to pay their bills, support their families, or get quality medical care for their children.

Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington. Hillary bleached and deleted 33,000 emails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 phones disappear – some with a hammer – and then told the FBI she couldn’t remember 39 times. The Clinton crew gave more than $675,000 to the wife of the Deputy FBI Director overseeing the investigation into Hillary’s illegal server – a server we now know Obama knew about.

I’ve proposed a Contract With the American Voter that will end the corruption and give the government back the people.

That includes a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.

At the core of my contract is my economic plan. That plan can be summarized in three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.

Under my contract, if a company wants to fire their workers, move to Mexico or other countries, and ship their products back into the U.S., we will put a 35% tariff on those products. We will also immediately begin renegotiating NAFTA – and if we don’t get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers and our companies. As part of our plan to bring back American jobs, we will lower taxes on our businesses from 35 percent down to 15 percent. We will also cut taxes for middle class families by 35 percent, and massively simplify taxes for all Americans.

If I am elected President, I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

Hillary also said she wants totally “open borders. No one who supports open borders can ever serve as President of the United States.

A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.

I have a message for the cartels, the drug dealers and the gang members: when I win, your long reign of crime and terror will come crashing to an end. We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense cuts and rebuild our badly depleted military. Our Air Force is the smallest and oldest it has ever been. We will build brand new, modern, state-of-the-art planes to fly out of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. We have a lot of Veterans here today  I want to thank them for their service, and let them know as President, I will have their back.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Just imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag. Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people.

I want to talk about how to grow the African-American middle class, and to provide a new deal for Black America. That deal is grounded in three promises: safe communities, great education, and high-paying jobs. My vision rests on a principle that has defined this campaign: America First. Every African-American citizen in this country is entitled to a government that puts their jobs, wages and security first.

Our opponent represents the rigged system and failed thinking of yesterday. 

Hillary has been there for 30 years and hasn’t fixed anything – she’s just made it worse.

American politics is caught in a time loop – we keep electing the same people, who keep making the same mistakes, and who keep offering the same excuses.

African-American citizens have sacrificed so much for this nation. They have fought and died in every war since the Revolution, and from the pews and the picket lines they have lifted up the conscience of our country in the long march for Civil Rights. Yet, too many African-Americans have been left behind.

The conditions in our inner cities today are unacceptable. The Democrats have run our inner cities for fifty, sixty, seventy years or more. They’ve run the school boards, the city councils, the mayor’s offices, and the congressional seats. Their policies have failed, and they’ve failed miserably. They’ve trapped children in failing government schools, and opposed school choice at every turn. The Clintons gave us NAFTA and China’s entry into the World Trade Organization, two deals that de-industrialized America, uprooted our industry, and stripped bare towns like Detroit and Baltimore and the inner cities of North Carolina. 

Democratic policies have also given rise to crippling crime and violence. Then there is the issue of taxation and regulation. Massive taxes, massive regulation of small business, and radical restrictions on American energy, have driven jobs and opportunities out of our inner cities. Hillary wants to raise taxes on successful small businesses as high as 45 percent – which will only drive more jobs out of your community, and into other countries.

No group has been more economically-harmed by decades of illegal immigration than low-income African-American workers. Hillary’s pledge to enact “open borders,” – made in secret to a foreign bank – would destroy the African-American middle class. At the center of my revitalization plan is the issue of trade.  

We won’t let your jobs be stolen from you anymore. When we stop the offshoring to low-wage countries, we raise wages at home – meaning rent and bills become instantly more affordable. At the same time, my plan to lower the business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent will bring thousands of new companies onto our shores. It also includes a massive middle class tax cut, tax-free childcare savings accounts, and childcare tax deductions and credits. I will also propose tax holidays for inner-city investment, and new tax incentives to get foreign companies to relocate in blighted American neighborhoods. 

We will also encourage small-business creation by allowing social welfare workers to convert poverty assistance into repayable but forgive-able micro-loans.

I will invest in training and funding both local and federal law enforcement operations to remove the gang members, drug dealers, and criminal cartels from our neighborhoods. The reduction of crime is not merely a goal – but a necessity. We will get it done. The war on police urged on by my rival is reckless, and dangerous, and puts African-American lives at risk. We must work with our police, not against them. On immigration, my policy is simple. I will restore the civil rights of African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and all Americans, by ending illegal immigration. I will reform visa rules to give American workers preference for jobs, and I will suspend reckless refugee admissions from terror-prone regions that cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars.  

School choice is at the center of my plan. My proposal redirects education spending to allow every disadvantaged child in America to attend the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school of their choice. 

The cycle of poverty can be broken, and great new things can happen for our people.
But to achieve this future, we must reject the failed elites in Washington who’ve been wrong about virtually everything for decades.

But to achieve this future, we must reject the failed elites in Washington who’ve been wrong about virtually everything for decades.

Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First. That begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare. My first day in office, I’m going to ask Congress to put a bill on my desk getting rid of this disastrous law and replacing it with reforms that expand choice, freedom and affordability.

Insurers are leaving. Companies are fleeing. Doctors are quitting. It’s an absolute disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare and make it even worse. She wants to put the government totally in charge of your healthcare. Repealing Obamacare, and stopping Hillary’s healthcare takeover, is one of the single most important reasons we must win on November 8th.

Hillary bleached and deleted 33,000 emails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 phones disappear – some with a hammer – and then told the FBI she couldn’t remember 39 times. We have also just learned that one of the closest people to Hillary Clinton, with longstanding ties to her and her husband, gave more than $675,000 to the campaign of the spouse of a top FBI official who helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s illegal email server.

I’ve proposed a Contract With the American Voter that will give the government back to the people.

My contract begins with a plan to end the rampant government corruption – and to put the special interests out of business.

I want everyone in Washington to hear and to heed the words I am about to say. If we win on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.

Under my contract with the American Voter, we are proposing a series of ethics reforms on Day 1 to end government corruption. They include:

A constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress


A Lifetime ban on government officials lobbying for a foreign government


A total ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections


Under my contract, I am also going to take a series of actions on Day One to protect American workers.


We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Our nation has lost one-third of its manufacturing since NAFTA – a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported strongly by Hillary Clinton. We’ve lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization – another Bill and Hillary Clinton-backed deal.


My Contract includes the following:


We will renegotiate NAFTA, or withdraw from the deal to get a much better one for our workers.


We will withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the deal Hillary Clinton called the “Gold Standard.” Hillary’s Wall Street donors want it, and she’d approve it if she ever got the chance – Tim Kaine has even left the door open to passing TPP by another name.


We will lift the restrictions on the production of American energy, including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. Hillary wants to shut down American energy, and put the miners out of work. We are going to put the miners and the steel workers back to work.


Additionally, on the first day, I will take the following actions to restore the rule of law. These include:


I will cancel every illegal Obama executive order


Cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities


Suspend immigration from regions compromised by Radical Islamic terrorism, including the suspension of the Syrian Refugee Program


Next, I will work with Congress to introduce a series of legislative reforms and will fight for their passage in the first 100 days. This legislation includes:

Middle Class Tax Relief And Simplification Act. A middle-class family with 2 children will get a 35% tax cut.

End The Offshoring Act Establishes tariffs to stop companies from laying off their workers and relocating to other countries.

American Infrastructure Act.$1 trillion in public-private infrastructure investment, this includes help for projects like expanding the Orlando-Sanford International Airport.

Restoring National Security Act. Eliminates the Obama-Clinton defense sequester, rebuilds our military, and gives Veterans the right to seek private medical care. Under my plan, not only will we modernize our Navy's cruisers, but we will invest in the technologies of the future being developed in Central Florida.


My plan also includes major investments in Florida for space exploration.

To maximize the amount of investment and funding that is available. This means launching and operating major space assets that employ thousands, spur innovation, and fuel economic growth. I will free NASA from the restriction of serving primarily as a logistics agency for low-earth orbit activities. Instead, I will refocus its mission on space exploration. Under a Trump Administration, Florida and America, will lead the way into the stars.

We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Republicans need to come together; this is our last chance. This is bigger than me, or any of us: it’s about our country. This is about ending Obamacare. This about the Supreme Court. This is about rebuilding our military, taking care of our vets, strengthening our borders, and keeping our companies and jobs from leaving. This is about restoring the rule of law, saving our Constitution, and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.

Yesterday, I outlined my Contract with the American Voter – a detailed list of solutions to bring prosperity to our economy, safety to our communities, and honesty to our government.

One of the issues I addressed at length is the issue of government corruption. I put forward a plan to stop it; my opponent has no plan to end government corruption because she is the embodiment of government corruption.

My goal is to keep foreign money out of American politics. Hillary Clinton’s goal is to put the Oval Office up for sale to whatever country offers the highest price.

If we win on November 8th, we are going to fix our rigged system and we are going to Drain The Swamp Of Corruption In Washington, D.C. That change includes a new foreign policy that puts America First.

To cover-up her crimes as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton bleached and deleted 33,000 emails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 phones disappear – some with a hammer – and then told the FBI she couldn’t remember 39 times.

The best evidence that the system is rigged is that Hillary Clinton is even allowed to run for President in the first place.

The Clintons grew their gross income by $60 million while Hillary was Secretary of State. She’s not a diplomat – she’s a grifter, always looking for an easy way to sell government favors and access in exchange for cash.

The Clintons end up with the money, and America ends up with the humiliation.

When I am President, America will be respected in the world once again.

If you elect me, along with a Republican House and Senate, we will also immediately repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military. It’s part of my 100-day plan.

My proposal is based on three crucial words: Peace Through Strength.

This defense build-up will be supported by ships in Mayport, and by engineers and advanced manufacturing on the Space Coast. New aircraft will fly from MacDill Air Force Base and Naval Air Station Pensacola.

New Navy and Coast Guard ships will patrol the Florida coast to prevent drugs and terrorists from entering our shores.

With a Republican House and Senate, we will also immediately repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. 

A Republican House and Senate can swiftly enact the other items in my contract immediately, including massive tax reduction and tax simplification for the middle class. My plan to transform our tax, regulatory, energy and trade policies is the most pro-growth plan in American history. It includes lowering our business tax from 35 to 15 percent. My reform plan will lift millions out of poverty, raise wages dramatically, and create at least 25 million new jobs in 10 years – and we can enact the whole plan in our first 100 days.

If companies want to fire their workers and leave for other countries, then we will charge them a 35% tax when they want to ship their products back into the United States.

If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country. We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration. A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders.

If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country. We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration. A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. 

We Will Make America Wealthy Again. We Will Make America Strong Again. We Will Make America Safe Again. And We Will Make America Great Again.

